
Senior Software Engineer
   Job Id:          : 1820515
   Description      :
      Microsoft Silicon, Cloud Hardware, and Infrastructure Engineering (SCHIE)
      is the team behind Microsoft’s expanding Cloud Infrastructure and
      responsible for powering Microsoft’s “Intelligent Cloud” mission. SCHIE
      delivers the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for
      Microsoft's over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365,
      Xbox Live, Teams, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform globally with
      our server and data center infrastructure, security and compliance,
      operations, globalization, and manageability solutions. Our focus is on
      smart growth, high efficiency, and delivering a trusted experience to
      customers and partners worldwide and we are looking for passionate
      engineers to help achieve that mission.   The DPU team, within the Azure
      Hardware Systems & Infrastructure group, brings together state-of-the-art
      software and hardware expertise to create a highly programmable and high-
      performance chip with the capability to efficiently handle large data
      volumes. Thanks to its integrated design, this solution empowers teams to
      operate with increased agility and deliver significantly superior
      performance compared to CPU-based alternatives.   As a Software Engineer
      in the DPU Integration and Test team, you will be involved in the
      testing of the control and data plane software that runs on the DPU’s
      custom-built silicon in a variety of new platforms targeted at storage and
      networking use-cases. This is an opportunity to build and
      test innovative products that will be deployed at planet scale.   
      Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on
      the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth
      mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared
      goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and
      accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive
      at work and beyond. ...      Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related
      technical discipline AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with
      coding in languages including, but not limited to, C and / or Python OR
      equivalent experience 4+ years previous experience in testing and writing
      automated tests for networking, storage or server platform
      features/products.  Other Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft,
      customer and/or government security screening requirements are required
      for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to, the
      following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background
      Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud
      background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.  
      Preferred Qualifications: Experience testing and/or writing embedded
      software for NICs and/or DPUs/IPUs.  Understanding of and hands on
      experience with networking (TCP/IP, RoceV2, routing/switching), Software
      Defined Networking, and server platform firmware (BMC, BIOS etc) testing.
        Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role
      across the U.S. is USD $117,200 - $229,200 per year. There is a different
      range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay
      area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this
      role in those locations is USD $153,600 - $250,200 per year. Certain roles
      may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional
      benefits and pay information here:  US corporate pay information |
      Microsoft Careers Microsoft will accept applications for the role until
      June 29th, 2025.   Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All
      qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
      regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender
      identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical
      condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political
      affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including
      pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by
      applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified
      applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal
      requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due
      to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please
      send a request via the  Accommodation request form .   Benefits/perks
      listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with
      Microsoft and the country where you work.   #SCHIE...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
