
Senior Software Engineer, Agentic Core Services (CoreAI)
   Job Id:          : 1824889
   Description      :
      Core AI is at the forefront of Microsoft’s mission to redefine how
      software is built and experienced. We are responsible for building the
      foundational platforms, services, programming models, and developer
      experiences that power the next generation of applications using
      Generative AI. Our work enables developers and enterprises to harness the
      full potential of AI to create intelligent, adaptive, and transformative
      software.   The Agentic  Core Services Team  is responsible for  building
      the cloud-native, distributed platform that powers the development,
      execution, and management of agentic applications at scale. Our mission is
      to provide the foundational infrastructure and runtime systems that enable
      developers to build intelligent, autonomous, and enterprise-grade AI
      agents with confidence and agility.     In this role, you will help define
      the future of software and application development. You will shape how
      developers interact with our platform—from programming models and user
      experiences to the design of a managed, distributed runtime that
      orchestrates agent-based AI applications at scale with enterprise-grade
      guarantees. You’ll work at the cutting edge of AI research, collaborating
      with some of the brightest minds in generative AI, and integrating the
      latest breakthroughs in multi-modal capabilities (text, audio, video) into
      real-world agentic applications.   At Microsoft, our mission is to empower
      every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We live
      this mission every day through a culture that embraces a growth mindset,
      values diverse perspectives, and encourages continuous learning. We
      believe in creating an environment where individuals bring their best
      selves to work, collaborate openly, and build technology that makes a
      meaningful impact. Join us and help shape the future of the world....      Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related
      technical field AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding
      in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript,
      or Python OR equivalent experience 4+ years of experience designing,
      building, and operating production-grade software and services at scale,
      with a proven track record of delivering high-impact solutions. Other
      Requirements:   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government
      security screening requirements are required for this role. These
      requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized
      security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will
      be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon
      hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Preferred Qualifications:
      Demonstrated expertise in solving complex technical challenges in one or
      more domains such as distributed systems, AI/ML infrastructure, developer
      platforms, or cloud services. Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base
      pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $119,800 - $234,700 per
      year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations,
      within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and
      the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $158,400 -
      $258,000 per year. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other
      compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:
      https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay Microsoft posts
      positions for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an
      ongoing basis until the position is filled.   Microsoft is an equal
      opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
      for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical
      care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital
      status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability,
      political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex
      (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic
      protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also
      consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent
      with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable
      accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting
      process, please send a request via the  Accommodation request form .  
      Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your
      employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.   ##AIPLATFORM##
       #CoreAI      ...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
