
Senior Software Engineer
   Job Id:          : 1825910
   Description      :
      Dynamics 365 is Microsoft’s suite of enterprise software that  power  many
      of the largest businesses in the world. The Customer Experience
      Applications Team delivers Dynamics 365 Customer Service Omnichannel that
      lets our customers run intelligent and highly scalable contact centers. We
      are building the next generation of our applications  running on Azure
      that pull togeth er Dynamics 365, Off ice  365  and  a number of  other
      Microsoft cloud services to deliver high value, complete, and predictive
      application scenarios across all devices and form factors.     Omnichannel
      for Customer Service is a robust application that extends the power
      of Dynamics 365 Customer Service to enable organizations to instantly
      connect and engage with their customers via channels like Live Chat,
      Voice, and SMS.   We are looking to hire a  Senior  Software Engineer  in
      the Microsoft Dynamic s Customer Experience Applications team, you will
      work with senior business and technology leaders as well as internal
      business users and partners to conceive, design and implement Dynamics 365
      applications and pick the best technical architecture to solve their
      business needs.    We innovate quickly and collaborate clos ely with our
      partners and customers in a very agile environment. If the opportunity to
      collaborate with a diverse engineering team , on  enabling end-to-end
      business scenarios using  cutting-edge  technologies and  to solve
      problems for large scale 24x7 business SaaS applications excite you, we
      would love to talk to you!   ...      Required/Minimum Qualifications   Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science ,
      or related technical discipline  AND 4+ years   technical engineering
      experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++,
      C#, Java, or Python   OR  equivalent experience Experience with design and
      implementation of enterprise-scale services   Experience with customers
      success, zero trust security and compliance     Preferred/Additional
      Qualifications Solid coding, debugging ,  and problem-solving skills  
      Experience delivering Dynamics 365 and/or Power Platform solutions  
      Excellent verbal, written, and cross-team collaboration skills   Passion
      for improving software quality and engineering excellence   A  strong team
      player and collaborator, across time zones and diverse stakeholder groups
      Passion for improving software quality and engineering excellence  
      Experience with building infrastructure using Microsoft Azure , AWS,  or
      Google Cloud   Experience in developing and debugging products and test
      code within  REST and gRPC   Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base
      pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $119,800 - $234,700 per
      year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations,
      within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and
      the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $158,400 -
      $258,000 per year. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other
      compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: 
      https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay Microsoft will accept
      applications for the role until July 4th, 2025.   Microsoft is an equal
      opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
      for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical
      care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital
      status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability,
      political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex
      (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic
      protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also
      consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent
      with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable
      accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting
      process, please send a request via the  Accommodation request form .  
      Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your
      employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.   #BICJobs
      #CESJOBS    ...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
