
Senior AI/ML Engineer - PowerPoint
   Job Id:          : 1828729
   Description      :
      Join the PowerPoint team as we deliver modern, intelligent, and
      collaborative experiences that will delight millions of PowerPoint
      customers. Located in the heart of Silicon Valley in Mountain View, CA, we
      are looking for an experienced machine learning  engineer  who is excited
      to apply ML to real-world problems and  a dapt   LLMs  t o   task  or i
      ented   doma in specific   using tec h niques  s uch as  finetuning and
      reinfor ce ment  learn ing   that will go into production.    On our team,
      understanding the customer is just the beginning. We analyze customer
      data, understand their problems,  in cluding   finetune  models to address
      these issues, and collaborate with partner teams to deploy these models as
      customer-facing features. A flexible problem-solving attitude and the
      ability to collaborate across disciplines are vital. You will  be
      responsible for  working within Microsoft’s industry-leading commitments
      to user privacy and ensuring that your models and features adhere to
      Microsoft’s Responsible AI policies to ensure fair and unbiased  ex
      perience  for all.    The PowerPoint team boasts mature development and
      engineering systems. Our engineers  benefit  from rich telemetry, data-
      driven decisions, rapid experimentation, and  building on  a world-class
      platform. We also have a great management team with extensive experience
      to help you advance your career. Our products and portfolio are rapidly
      expanding, and we are excited to meet the challenges of scale,
      performance, efficiency, and reliability as we build the world's finest
      storytelling software.    We are looking for   Senior AI/ML Engineer    to
      join our team in Mountain View, CA.    Microsoft’s mission is to empower
      every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As
      employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower
      others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on
      our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture
      of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond....      Required Qualifications:  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related
      technical field AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding
      in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript,
      or Python OR equivalent experience. 4+ years of experience in machine
      learning, deep learning, natural language processing, computer vision,
      and/or statistics.    4+ years of experience in software development.  
      Other Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government
      security screening requirements are required for this role. These
      requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized
      security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will
      be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon
      hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Preferred Qualifications:  
      Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science  or related technical field  AND 8+
      years  technical  engineering experience with coding in languages
      including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python  OR
      Master's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field  AND 6+
      years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including,
      but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python  OR equivalent
      experience .   5+ years of experience in end-to-end development for
      building, shipping, and iterating on high-impact ML models. Proficiency
      in Python and familiarity with coding in multiple languages.  Proficiency
      in using ML libraries from sources such as Hugging Face. Expertise  in
      implementing, training, and debugging transformer-based ML models and
      other related tools and technologies for building and shipping large
      language models (LLM) applications. Deep knowledge of algorithms, machine
      learning, and distributed/cloud computing systems (e.g., Spark, Hadoop,
      Azure). Contributions to open-source ML projects are a plus.  Effective
      communication skills,  maintaining  customer experience and quality along
      with the ability to work across groups and disciplines. Ability to quickly
      ramp up on various domains within Machine Learning.  Experience shipping
      high-quality products at scale is a plus.  Software Engineering IC4 - The
      typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $119,800 -
      $234,700 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work
      locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City
      metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations
      is USD $158,400 - $258,000 per year. Certain roles may be eligible for
      benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay
      information here:  https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay 
        Microsoft will accept applications and processes offers for these roles
      on an ongoing basis.   Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All
      qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
      regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender
      identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical
      condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political
      affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including
      pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by
      applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified
      applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal
      requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due
      to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please
      send a request via the  Accommodation request form .   Benefits/perks
      listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with
      Microsoft and the country where you work....
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
